when inflation takes hold it doesn't let
go unless can you guess in today's video
we're going to talk about just that I
want to explain to you why inflation is
starting to go up again and why it's
unlikely to come back down unless one
event takes place something we've seen
before over and over again you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today I want to start with inflation
CPI and PPI what are those things we got
the consumer prices and we got the
producer prices and of course both of
these are important to you the
individual I'll explain why first thing
we look at consumer prices rising 0.4%
in September that is more than expected
and so we look at these numbers those
are not obviously realistic compared to
what you'll see at the store but at
least in their measurements they have
gone up what does that mean the Federal
Reserve has to look at at this data and
say okay if inflation has yet to come
down we cannot cut interest rates the
stock market doesn't like that the
Pension funds don't like that all of the
companies out there that have to hire
people might say we're going to wait off
a little bit and so we pushed this
further on it was supposed to already be
in Cut mode and we are not there
absolutely not at all you got to
understand if you things it's very
obvious that inflation and higher rates
have slowed the economy you look around
everywhere I just went to a restaurant
that I go to all the time to have my
espresso I spoke to the men I said
what's going on you know what's what's
happening in here he said it's slow and
this is a nice restaurant this is a very
nice place that has a lot of seating and
not a lot of it is occupied and it's
been going on for a while he said a
nearby restaurant that is extremely
popular they used to do 800 people a
night now half of that so I'm getting
this information for you now while it's
only a small area we see that data
popping up everywhere I bring you each
and every level from the governments the
white papers the supernational entities
all the way down on the ground and maybe
I'm not doing an interview with that
person but I take in this information
and I bring it to you if you're
appreciate that simply hit that thumbs
up button and you will support this
Channel and make sure that other people
know that this is a good one to watch
here we have it you can see with Social
Security cost of living adjustment will
be 3.2% in 2024 well below this year's
record setting increase so everyone was
happy that it was of course up yes it's
great but now back to
3.2% and that of course isn't going to
cover the actual increase increases and
so you the individual pay that price
this is what you've got to deal with all
right the problem is clear that despite
higher rates inflation is still high but
not 3.2% we know it's higher right here
we have mortgage rates near 8% inventory
crisis home buyers face a tricky Market
you've seen that all before of
course and you look at the key driver of
inflation being elevated you know the
housing is is the problem in these
elevated inflation numbers look around
shelter when we talk about it as it
relates to mortgages but also with rent
overall though any expense to do with
the home has gone up so don't just look
at it like these these couple things
your energy prices overall your you know
the things your the furniture you have
in your house the services if you got a
repair man to call that service has gone
up so every everything associated with
the home to live you got to live
somewhere has gone up I spoke to a
gentleman who said basically he's got to
live single guy he's got to live
multiple people to the house just to be
able to afford um his life um and that's
just the truth for so many people in 3
years that's how fast things can change
okay and so that's just one example but
of course we're seeing it all over the
place when you look at mortgage rates
hitting a 23-year high home prices show
few signs of cooling yeah that there
that's right despite all of this still
hot now you have sales we down and this
goes for all places you look at pretty
much any City sales are down inventory's
down interest rates are up mortgage
rates are up it's sort of the same story
and what changes that what would
actually
take this down well what happened the
last time time and time again we see a
repeated pattern and it's very
clear we have a moment in time in which
the markets are moving up inflation is
moving up it's getting hot it's getting
heavy things are getting a little
excessive uhoh we better start
increasing interest rates they increase
and increase and increase and suddenly
something
goes and there we have it a recession
and this could take hold in one way it
could be a financial crisis housing
crisis it could be a stock market bubble
who knows could be for any different
reason and the stock market could be
only affected by let's say 30 or 40%
whereas the housing market could be 50
plus perc or it could be just something
that affects bonds it could be you know
it depends each scenario is different
but each and every time we have this
rise up the irrational exuberance that
Alan Greenspan spoke of it gets crazy
nobody wants to believe it but then
suddenly something pops the
bubble and that is what brings inflation
down that's it that's what brings
inflation down because we know they're
not going to bring interest rates up to
a level that would actually slow down
the inflation rates we know that if they
were to do 10 plus on the FED funds rate
oh yeah that would really start to slow
things down but they're way off from
that they're way off from that and so we
know that it's not going to happen this
is like 2024
2025 if it were to happen you know super
slowly and all the while you're getting
burned by inflation and so what do you
expect well right now we have to hope
that there's a recession that it is mild
enough to slow down in inflation but not
to create mass panic and layoffs the
Trouble Is Right now the banks are in
big trouble they've got issues so we
talk about that on our other videos and
of course if you want to know about that
I'll be doing a video I believe tomorrow
or the day after which will highlight
this entirely what the banks are going
through you got to hit that thumbs up or
subscribe if you're not already and many
of you by the way have been
automatically unsubscribed so just click
that subscribe button
and you will be able to get the latest
and greatest I want to show you what's
going on right here that you have a lot
of jobs in the US but not enough workers
to fill them if every unemployed person
in the country found a job we would
still have around 3.5 million open jobs
there's a problem there's a big issue
Disneyland is Raising its prices again
will it thin the crowd imagine they're
saying here
$104 for a day at Disney I mean come on
cuz you're not going there by one person
you're going there as a family likely
and so you're spending hundreds of
dollars just to get in the
door these prices are going on just
everywhere though so that restaurant
well what happens when you got to pay
$20 $25 for a glass of wine some people
start to say you know maybe
not when the meal what used to be
costing let's $14 is now $18 now $22 is
now more than that people start to say
you know what maybe not and you see how
that has a cascading effect right it
goes everywhere and you add on top of
that the student loan repayments waste
no time Weighing on shoppers wallets of
course now this is the PPI producer
Price Index this is like the input so
think about it in a sense uh where you
have raw material materials so if I want
to make um you know some finished
product I need the copper I need the
steel or the iron ore I need you know
whatever it is if I'm making food you
know maybe I'm making Shredded Wheat I
need the commodity wheat to begin right
and so those are input costs and so
those have risen again partially because
of the favorable year over-year declines
that we were experiencing that has gone
away but at the same time we also have a
true Resurgence that has happened here
more recently where the prices are going
up month over month and so now we're
seeing that okay not a good sign of
course looking at this PPI for final
demand components one month percentage
change both Goods number one and also
Services have increased all right and
this is just the final demand uh for
food so basically food prices rising as
well all
right and that goes across the board but
we got to look at the
nitty-gritty China's exports and imports
drop again in September so this is a
very good very key indication of what's
Happening you also want to look at South
Korea as they tend to be a bellweather
of what's to come globally and why China
well look Global export leaders in 2022
China
overwhelmingly in the the lead there and
so that gives us an idea if we
understand the exports of China but also
the Imports but let's just focus on the
exports what does that mean well it's
not as if when we say oh that that's
good they're making less money right no
no not at all we got to understand who
they exporting to well just look at this
anyway China is still the world's
Factory so you could see the list Us in
the second place there Germany number
three but what does it tell us if
China's exporting less that means
everybody else is importing less and if
they're importing less that means they
need less less demand less consumption
and so that is a indication of a
Slowdown in the economy so keep an eye
very closely on that because I think
that it is extremely important to
understand um all of this truly right
now
okay what can you do about it very clear
that we must make sure that we are
earning money on our money you got to be
earning right now you could do that in
many different ways a lot of people are
putting their money into money market
funds High interest savings accounts um
you could do that in um you know
guaranteed deposits of some sort like U
you know CDs or you know gic's in in the
Canada you could do that and there's so
many different ways which you can earn
5% or more and so we want to at least be
earning ibonds have gone down but
um somewhere where we at least earning
something on the money at least a
portion of what we have out there okay
because we don't want to just put it
under the mattress and wait too long
it's been too long you understand as
inflation's going up you're being burned
in The Inferno and we don't want that
for too long there could be a point in
time where you you know you sit back and
you say h you know what now's not the
time of course and we also don't want to
put everything out there um but we want
to be cautious about you know just
waiting you wait you wait you wait
that's not a good sign okay get rid of
the services that you do not need go
through do you need Disney plus and Hulu
and peacock and you know kneecaps and
what hair something and I don't even
know the names of them okay okay I don't
have any of those services but um you
want to have just what you need
and let's be honest it's all garbage and
so it depends on what you see value in
but anyway get rid of the services that
you don't need okay don't be comfortable
now is not the time now is not the time
to be comfortable become comfortable
with the uncomfortable I say this all
the time to the group mentorship group
and I will say it to you become
comfortable with the UN
comfortable you don't want to just sit
there you don't want to just stand still
now is not the time all right comment of
the day I want to thank Michelle for
this basically just you know there's a
quote in a quote here uh but um what she
was saying was John D
Rockefeller once the richest man in the
world when asked by a reporter quote how
much money is enough replied just a
little bit more and and that's true in a
sense we all need just a little bit more
and you know part of that is Keeping Up
with the Kardashians but at the same
time because of
inflation we kind of need more just to
be able to you know break even in a
sense that's the way it works so don't
ignore that if you want to contact me
directly you've got to get on Discord
Discord is the place by the way that
we're doing the giveaways we already had
one giveaway
and very few people I think like 12
people got in that giveaway so the
chance of you winning is very high right
now what we've done with the giveaways
is um you get one free session in the
mentorship group all right and I'm
planning on doing a weekly giveaway okay
and it'll be one it'll be like a
different thing every time and so um you
know I I figured out how to do that so
we can do this soon it'll be every week
right now it's just once a month but the
only way to do that is to get on Discord
and yes it's totally free you can see
all the tips that I have in there the
strategies click on that link in the
description below totally free uh and
you'll see it it says the word Discord
there and I hope you'll join me on
Discord it's a fantastic place that we
are communicating each and every day if
you appreciate this information hit the
thumbs up button I want to see you here
tomorrow and of course the day after
I've got videos prepared related to
what's going on at the banks all right
I'll see you then take care